Reserve mission docs (#190)
OpenMDAO/Aviary: aviary/docs/examples/reserve_missions.md

# Reserve Mission Examples

## Fixed Range Reserve

The simplest example of a reserve mission implementation can be seen in `run_reserve_mission_fixedrange.py`.
In this example we add a fixed range cruise to the `run_basic_aviary_example.py`.
This is performed by copying the cruise `phase_info` object from the basic example and adding `"reserve": True,` and `"target_distance": (200, 'km'),`.

The results of this study are shown in the `traj_results_report.html`.

> The first things we review is the altitude plot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first thing we review is the altitude plot.
```

There is no discontinuity between regular and reserve phases for either distance or mass.

![Distance](images/fixed_range_cruise_distance.png "Distance vs. Time for Fixed Range Cruise Reserve Example")
![Mass](images/fixed_range_cruise_mass.png "Mass vs. Time for Fixed Range Cruise Reserve Example")

## Fixed Time Reserve

An example of a fixed-time reserve mission implementation can be found in `run_reserve_mission_fixedtime.py`.
This example builds upon the basic flight defined in `run_basic_aviary_example.py`.
We make a copy of the cruise phase from `example_phase_info.py` and then modify it by adding `"reserve": True,` and `"target_duration": (30, 'min'),`.
We have also removed other references to time in the reserve phase definition.
We do not list `initial_guesses:times`, `user_options:duration_bounds`, or `user_options:fixed_duration`.
All of these are set automatically when we set `target_duration`.

## Multiphase Reserve Mission

The last example reserve mission includes five phases: climb, cruise for distance, cruise for time, cruise for distance, descend.
This example is contained in `run_reserve_mission_multiphase.py`.

> This demonstrates how to create an arbitrarily ordered set of phases for reserve in addition to climb and descent phases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demonstrates how to create an arbitrarily ordered set of phases for reserve, including climb and descent phases.
```
